and uh I remember shortly after that
that
uh I
was it could have been just the next day
or even that
evening when I was going around the
sheep
and every night just about well just
before Sundown they would those sheep
would kind of get together again get
their heads toward the center and start
moving toward the uh Camp
wagon and
uh I had G started going out around
them and uh I got pretty near to the
south side of the uh group I had walked
around on
the to the North and then West and
turning around toward the
South uh over toward the ridge
on mountains on the south and I seen a
commotion in the bunch of sheep it was
not right on the edge it was more a four
or five sheep into the gang and I
hurried over there and here was a an old
sheep laying on the ground still
kicking and I picked her up and the side
of her neck was wet like something had
just to been there and the Sheep was
almost
dead and I raised up I had my rifle in
my hand and only about 10 ft away on my
right an old caute got
up he was tall and skinny and I was so
friend there that wol that caute had
came right into the game had taken that
sheep and wrestled it down and killed
it and then when he saw me coming all in
the world he done was just get off a
little few feet and got down out of
sight and when I got there and turned
that sheep over and found out that the
Sheep was still warm but dead and had
been soed been cheed and the blood had
been been sucked out and there was that
c walking away sideways and snarling at
me I was scared oh I was frightened I
didn't know whether the thing would
attack me it seemed to be
mean but I
remember putting a shell into my
rifle and he tried away and I shot at
him but I know I missed him but when I
shot he went faster I pumped another
shell into the gun and shot
again but he kept right on going and I
was oh I was frightened I got the Sheep
up to the wagon and got my Flags out of
the flags were
white well it was like a a white bed
sheet on they they were 2T square and
they were rolled onto a handle and we
had a
place just up where the Sheep came in
and lay down and then you'd put these
white flags out oh maybe 8 or 10 ft from
the edge of the sheep and
they these white flags would frighten
the cutes or
whatever they had CES they had had wild
dogs and they had wolves
but mostly caut and they would get
around on those Hills at night and cry
oh it was the noise at night was just
curdling the The Cry of those Coes they
they were afraid to come but they stood
out there and cried and I don't think I
since I Come
Away people have told me that they could
hear the ca's cry but I have never heard
that terrible cry that those cutes out
there
head since I left Ridgeway
Montana but
anyway during the summer that's the only
sheep that I realized I'm sure that they
got others while they were
out there scattered on that that's the
only one that
I was sure that they
got then I remember one little lamb it
was a beautiful little lamb I suppose it
would weigh about
20 15 or 20
lb and it was a it was a just
a square
fat little fellow and so play
and one day I was laying on the side of
the
bank and I noticed about all
maybe 1,000 ft
away a white spot on the side of a
rock and I thought well I'm going
to practice I'm going to see if I how
close I come to that white
spot and I never never
thought about what that bullet would hit
the rock and
stop but when I
shot and the bullet hit that rock it
ricocheted
glanced and my sheep were in the valley
just on my left and
out about uh or maybe 2,000
ft anyway they were just below
below me on the
left and when I shot that rock that
bullet
ricocheted and I noticed
that little lamb that was out just a
little ways from the rest of them fell
down and I went over there as fast as I
could and that bullet had ricocheted off
of that rock and kill that
lamb and oh I felt so bad I will never
forget how bad I felt I had
killed that
lamb nothing could have been any
worse I looked at the lamb and I thought
how
careless I didn't think that that shell
would Ricochet like that but it
did and I've often
thought
about
the Lambs our Lambs are playing around
and we're so careless with our
conversation with the things that we say
careless the Lambs are
listening and they become discouraged
and they think well what's the
use they're
Christians and if there isn't any more
than that then what use and you killed
the
lamb the Lord has spoke to my heart so
many
times about careless
shooting I believe we ought to be
careful what we permit what you say
can't be
withdrawn it just goes on and on
somebody says well do you know that
brother Evans said do you know that this
is the way he feels or you know that
this that and the other oh God help
us let our words be words of praise and
words of
Thanksgiving I'm asking the Lord to help
me that I might be an influence to
somebody else of the saving and the
keeping and The Wonderful Grace of our
Lord
Jesus Oh I need I far to go but he's
helping me and
thankful